We've talked over and over again how each platform,
whether it's iOS or Android has their own unique feel,
and their own unique style to it.
And when you're building an app,
you really need to keep that in mind.
One example we saw earlier when we were building out our icon,
I searched for the icon pizza,
and the pizza that we used was the iOS-pizza.
Now you'll notice here there are a few different pizzas,
this is the iOS-pizza obviously,
and this is the MD-pizza or the Material Design pizza.
Now, it doesn't make sense to have an iOS pizza on an Android device.
What we should have instead,
is we should have the Material Design pizza.
If you had a user using this,
they might be offended that you're using an iOS pizza on an Android device,
they expect their experience to be more Androidy, more Material Designy.
So what we can do to fix this is React Native has this platform property.
And so in here what we can do is we can say if
Platform.OS is iOS then what we want to do is show them the iOS-pizza,
and if it's not meaning it's Android,
then what we want to do is show them the md-pizza.
So now what's going to happen when our apps refresh,
notice we have the distinct pizza for the distinct platform
because we are using Platform.OS in order to detect which platform we're on.
We can also do this exact same things with styles if we want to.
Imagine these were class names here with our stylesheet,
we can say if we're on iOS go ahead and apply the iOS button,
if we're not then go ahead and apply the Android button.